Update README.md (#19)
traveltime-dev/traveltime-sdk-r: README.md

### [Geocoding (Search)](https://traveltime.com/docs/api/reference/geocoding-search) 
Match a query string to geographic coordinates.

Function accepts object that might has these properties:

> * `acceptLanguage` - [Request geocoding results to be in specific language if it is available.](http://localhost:3000/api/reference/geocoding-search#Accept-Language)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `acceptLanguage` - [Request geocoding results to be in specific language if it is available.](https://docs.traveltime.com/api/reference/geocoding-search#Accept-Language)
```

* `params` - object that matches API json spec.

```r
geocoding('Parliament square')
```

### [Reverse Geocoding](https://traveltime.com/docs/api/reference/geocoding-reverse)
Attempt to match a latitude, longitude pair to an address.

Function accepts object that might has these properties:

> * `acceptLanguage` - [Request geocoding results to be in specific language if it is available.](http://localhost:3000/api/reference/geocoding-search#Accept-Language)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `acceptLanguage` - [Request geocoding results to be in specific language if it is available.](https://docs.traveltime.com/api/reference/geocoding-reverse#Accept-Language)
```
